[SDK-4669] Add more properties for IAM and CC to React Native doc (#7052)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/react_native/content_cards.md

You can use these additional methods to build a custom Content Cards Feed within your app:

| Method                                   | Description                                                                                            |
| ---------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `launchContentCards()`                   | Launches the Content Cards UI element.                                                                 |
| `requestContentCardsRefresh()`           | Requests the latest Content Cards from the Braze SDK server.                                           |
| `getContentCards()`                      | Retrieves Content Cards from the Braze SDK. This will return the latest list of cards from the server. |
| `getCachedContentCards()`                | Returns the most recent Content Cards array from the cache.                                            |

> | `logContentCardClicked(cardId)`          | Logs a click for the given Content Card ID.                                                            |

Reviewer: We could also add a note here that this only logs the click for analytics but does not actually perform the click action:
```suggestion
| `logContentCardClicked(cardId)`          | Logs a click for the given Content Card ID. This method is used only for analytics. To execute the click action, call `processContentCardClickAction(cardId)` in addition.                                                        |
```

For more integrations, follow the [Android integration instructions][2] or the [iOS integration instructions][3], depending on your platform.

A sample implementation of this can be found in BrazeProject within the [React Native SDK][1].

## Content Card data model

The Content Cards data model is available in the React Native SDK. For a full reference of the Content Card data model, see the [Android][6] and [iOS][7] documentation.

> Braze has four unique Content Cards card types that share a base model: **image only**, **captioned image**, **classic (text announcement)** and **classic (short news)**. Each type inherits common properties from a base model and has the following additional properties.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if I'm familiar with these types. I think these sound like the Android models? I believe [these](https://github.com/braze-inc/react-native-sdk/blob/develop/public/src/models/enums.js#L50-L52) are the ones we offer in the RN SDK.

Author: Ah I see, thanks! The card types I was following were the ones in the two Classic Content cards in the Android (Text Announcement, Short News) and Swift (Classic, ClassicImage). 

But you're right, since they're not exposed separately in the RN, I should just list the three types here: Classic, Captioned, and Image Only. And then in the Classic Card section I can mention that the image is optional.

|`pinned`      | Whether the card is pinned.                                                                                            |
|`dismissed`   | Whether the user has dismissed this card. Marking a card as dismissed that has already been dismissed will be a no-op. |
|`dismissible` | Whether the card is dismissible by the user.                                                                           |
|`url`         | (Optional) The url string associated with the card click action.                                                       |
|`openURLInWebView` | Whether URLs for this card should be opened in Braze's WebView or not.                                            |
|`isControl`   | Whether this card is a control card. Control cards should not be displayed to the user.                                |
|`extras`      | The map of key-value extras for this card.                                                                             |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2}

For a full reference of the base card, see the [Android][8] and [iOS][9] documentation.

> ### Image only Content Card model properties

Reviewer: @internetisaiah More of a formatting nit, but is there a way to best convey that the properties for this and the following types are in addition to the base properties and not mutually exclusive?

Reviewer 2: Great question, thanks for talking to me about it on Slack. To reiterate here: I think it makes sense just to call that out for each of the Content Card types exactly like you've said it.

### Captioned image Content Card model properties

Captioned image cards are clickable, full-sized images with accompanying descriptive text.

|Property           | Description                                                                                                       |
|-------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|`type`             | The Content Card type, `CAPTIONED`.                                                                               |
|`image`            | The URL of the card's image.                                                                                      |
|`imageAspectRatio` | The aspect ratio of the card's image. It is meant to serve as a hint before image loading completes. Note that the property may not be supplied in certain circumstances. |
|`title`            | The title text for the card.                                                                                      |
|`cardDescription`  | The description text for the card.                                                                                |

> |`domain`           | (Optional) The link text for the property URL, e.g., `"braze.com/resources/"`. It can be displayed on the card's UI to indicate the action/direction of clicking on the card. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`domain`           | (Optional) The link text for the property URL, for example, `"braze.com/resources/"`. It can be displayed on the card's UI to indicate the action/direction of clicking on the card. |
```

> |`domain`           | (Optional) The link text for the property URL, e.g., "blog.appboy.com". It can be displayed on the card's UI to indicate the action/direction of clicking on the card. |

Reviewer 3: nit: Can we update the example URL to a `Braze` one, instead of appboy?

Author: Ah thanks for catching that! I'll update these

{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2}

For a full reference of the captioned image card, see the [Android][12] and [iOS][13] documentation.

### Classic Content Card model properties

Classic cards have a title, description, and an optional image on the left of the text.

|Property           | Description                                                                                                       |
|-------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|`type`             | The Content Card type, `CLASSIC`.                                                                                 |
|`image`            | (Optional) The URL of the card's image.                                                                           |
|`title`            | The title text for the card.                                                                                      |
|`cardDescription`  | The description text for the card.                                                                                |

> |`domain`           | (Optional) The link text for the property URL, e.g., `"braze.com/resources/"`. It can be displayed on the card's UI to indicate the action/direction of clicking on the card. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`domain`           | (Optional) The link text for the property URL, for example, `"braze.com/resources/"`. It can be displayed on the card's UI to indicate the action/direction of clicking on the card. |
```

> |`domain`           | (Optional) The link text for the property URL, e.g., "blog.appboy.com". It can be displayed on the card's UI to indicate the action/direction of clicking on the card. |

Reviewer 3: Same here

{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2}

> For a full reference of the text announcement card, see the [Android][14] and [iOS][15] documentation. For a full reference of the short news card, see the [Android][16] and [iOS][17] documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a full reference of the classic (text announcement) Content Card, see the [Android][14] and [iOS][15] documentation. For a full reference of the classic image (short news) card, see the [Android][16] and [iOS][17] documentation.
```
